very good guys that so welcome
probably the last reference video
to the multiplayer mother attribute me to the
terrible desire to go running to exo
zombies and by the way when I'm
posting this video be live
so they are very attentive to the channel in
this video we are going to talk about the new
present that in English is called exo
craft link in Spanish have simply been
put the name of the hook and background
You are going to have gameplays with her
I was testing there a little bit and
we follow the sites in one word is
super fun and in this video os
I want to comment because everything about
she how to play it how to take advantage of it
what can you do where you play
lots of things so first of all
it's an ex skill is a stability
which can only be used in the
list of games that are already enabled
for it until you go to list of
Ace games tendance and list
of pit items in the new maps
with hook the doubt is if for example
could put this new ex-skill in
the maps that we already have of chiapas
normal warfare tomorrow of those to play
solar terrace
distinguished that if you wanted me a thousand warfare
neither has Greek and pierced with
the new one that softness but no guys is
too crazy to put what
is in the game itself and this is why the
are trying there is a little bit I think
that the idea has been raised but not what
will do for nothing because it is already
pretty good just in the new ones
Multiplayer maps as I tell you is very
fun and active and I tell you in the
list of games you get alone or
goes independent of what is the peak 13
of the class of the three points that
we have to create class and it gets
totally independent and we have a
former skill is replaced by that to not
be that we get the tactical advantage
as you see
what is sexuality itself we have the
we can shoot twice in a row have
what is a maximum length which the
we can throw is quite big the
maximum length at which we can
launch and hooked to a site while
the button is pressed you stay about three
seconds in the place where you have gone
It's very funny if it had reached the
highest point on the map and stay there
watching from above is very very funny
if you put the first advantage on
you can use it three times
followed more little things
if you put on agile hands you use it
little bit faster this advantage
really what it is useful now
you get into the pit games with the
hook and everyone is out there with
the hook that you can really go now
because everyone is using it
and really smart people and
ottawa if everyone is here
clueless I will kill them the best of the
nowadays it's seeing people use them
what they look like they see is
superman out there and it rocks a lot
really usefulness of sexuality is
move around the map but it recharges and
then you can use it a lot
of times and in a very short time but
really the useful thing is to use it when
you have to use it also valid for
kill if I wanted me to just
It would be worth to kill in the back but
not also ahead and by all
sites the thing is that it is very complicated
of impacting because you imagine the
hip the four lines that we have the
the hook goes to the center then we have
that fix a fair enemy in the
center throw it you can kill it so much
front and back but I will
that is very complicated that does kill a
touch and if you are lucky enough to give
yenín extremis when maybe you're
very caught because you can take some
skin is a lot safer and easier
kill with the weapon apart from all this
that I have already commented to you, I am telling you
fun or it seems like a hoot that
have gotten this and I tell you that I
It seems quite difficult to take it as
which is the whole game because it is
too crazy or it changes a lot
the gameplay that I do have to tell you
that is very well thrown is the method
to use it is not that you say fuck and
is that I want to pick up and such or something
you do not go somewhere if you want
stop halfway you stop
perfectly is very well made and is
very funny
so nothing guys wanted to do a
analysis and quickie of what did not appreciate
sexuality pleased I tell you very
fun you have to try it and just
can be used in the list of
games of pit with hook that I the
tried to put in private to
do some tests and I can not
put in private is only active and
so nothing I have a terrible desire
of guara and are hobbies that do not sell
no game will be streaming
when I upload this video and see you
guys in the next goodbye